Expand readme for configuration parameters (#307)
arnaud-lb/php-rdkafka: README.md

$queue = $rk->newQueue();
```

> Adding topics to the queue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding topic partitions to the queue:
```

### Using stored offsets

> librdkafka can store offsets in a local file, or on the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Broker (default)
librdkafka per default stores offsets on the broker.
```

> For older versions of librdkafka library, default value was storing offset values in local file, but it has since been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### File offsets (deprecated)
```
we probably shouldn't give guidance for a deprecated feature (imho)

> deprecated. Currently by default librdkafka will use broker as offset storage. You can switch it back by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `offset.store.method` configuration property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If you're using local file for offset storage, then by default, the file is created in the current directory, with a
name based on the topic and the partition. The directory can be changed by setting the ``offset.store.path``
[configuration property](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md).

> Other interesting properties are: ``auto.commit.interval.ms``, ``auto.commit.enable``, ``group.id``, ``max.poll.interval.ms``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Useful offset settings
Other interesting properties are: ``auto.commit.interval.ms``, ``auto.commit.enable``, ``group.id``, ``max.poll.interval.ms``.
```

`auto.commit.interval.ms` and `auto.commit.enable` work in tandem: unless you specify otherwise, consumers **WILL**
commit automatically in the background (at least high-level ones). If you need control and want to commit manually,

> then you want to disable `auto.commit.enable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then you want to set `auto.commit.enable=false`.
```

Author: Replaced with
```md
to set `auto.commit.enable` to `'false'`
```
which should be even more accurate I believe?

> `group.id` is responsible for setting your consumer group ID and it should be unique for your application (and should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`group.id` is responsible for setting your consumer group ID and it should be unique (and should
```

Author: Removed accordingly.

## Documentation

> https://arnaud-lb.github.io/php-rdkafka/phpdoc/book.rdkafka.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://arnaud-lb.github.io/php-rdkafka/phpdoc/book.rdkafka.html  
```
